┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
┗━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┛
  You are Pripos, an ex-soldier and one 
  of the last people left in Valyria -- 
  a once booming trade town. The Scala
  Assassins had left this town and many
  others in ruins, and it is your job
  to defeat their forces and restore The
  Lost Kingdom.

  You awake from the ruins in the place
  you once called home and try to find
  your bearings. You see the old military
  outpost you used to train at on the
  outskirts of the town, and you head over
  to it to refresh your knowledge of
  battle.

  Now that you have refreshed your battle
  skills, you decide to start heading up
  the mountain not too far from town where
  the merchants normally head out to. The
  whole town is surrounded by mountains,
  and there is only one that doesn't have
  steep faces, being north of the town.

  While moving up the mountain however,
  you are spotted by some Scala scouts --
  distinguishable by their maroon and
  black uniform. Knowing that you are not
  very powerful at this time and have had
  practically no practice you attempt to
  run away, however they catch up to you.
  
  After you get away from the scouts, you
  get close to the summit of the mountain.
  There were tales of a dragon living in
  the big cave at the top, but you think
  that they are just fairy tales. Just a
  few moments later, and the dragon jumps
  from the cave and tries to capture you.

  You can do one of three things here:
  A: Just try and run past the dragon
  in hopes the dragon will not get you.
  B: Use your shield to block the
  dragon's attack.
  C: Turn around and run back to find
  another, safer path.

  // PATH A
  You try and run past the dragon hoping
  that they are slow, but to no avail you
  are captured by the dragon and are
  knocked out from them picking you up
  and knocking your head. The last thing
  you saw was the darkness of the cave
  emerging as the dragon took you away.

  You wake up possibly hours later in an
  almost pitch black cave, with the only
  light being from the entrance to the
  cave blocked by a massive red dragon.
  You look around and there is a large
  pile of treasures. There is also a man
  in the cave, and you go talk to him.

  He tells you how long he has been here
  and how he is too old to be able to
  escape himself. He says that he can
  teach you his battle knowledge, however
  you do see that he has an old Scala
  badge which could be trouble, plus
  he doesn't actually look that old.

  You currently have two options:
  A: Learn from the suspicious "old" man
  hoping that he sticks to his word, and
  doesn't steal anything from you.
  B: Decline his offer and continue
  trying to find a way out of the cave
  past the dragon.

  The old man sticks to his word and
  teaches you his knowledge of battle
  training from being in the Scala
  Assassins army. Your attack stat is
  boosted +50% which will greatly
  help your efforts in taking back and
  restoring The Lost Kingdom.

  You notice that the dragon is asleep
  and is blocking almost all of the
  exit to the cave, except one small
  gap over on the right. You look
  around the cave to see if there is any
  items or anything that could be of use
  to you, but there is nothing of help.

  You find yourself open to two options:
  A: Try and sneak past the dragon which
  could be possibly very risky, however
  luck appears to be on your side today.
  B: Attempt to purposefully wake the
  dragon to tell them that if they help
  take over, you will reward them well.

  // ENDING 5
  You try to sneak past the dragon to
  get out of the cave, but the dragon
  wakes up and sees you. They yell at 
  you and then before you can do anything
  they pick you up and dangle you by one
  leg above their mouth and drop you in.
  GAME OVER

  // ENDING 4
  You go over to the dragon and lightly
  tap their scaly red skin. They yell at
  you but you quickly interupt them,
  explaining your goal and their reward.
  They say that they have a undying hate
  for the Scala Assassins after they
  forced them into the cave, and that...

  ...they will gladly help you in taking
  back The Lost Kingdom. The dragon
  prepares themself and then allow you
  onto their back. You fly off to a nearby
  Scala outpost. As you offer to get down
  and fight, the dragon burns down the
  outpost.

  They fly you over to a nearby town and
  let you down to fight some of the people
  there as they attack the rest of the
  town so that it can be reclaimed and
  restored to its former glory. You rush
  over to a group of Scala soldiers and
  engage a battle with them.

  After defeating the soldiers you run
  over to the guards protecting the mayor
  and tell the dragon to help with saving
  some of the prisoners kept locked up in
  the town's prison. The guards are very
  powerful, but you will be able to take
  them on easily.

  You finish reclaiming the town, and the
  remaining Scala soldiers run away in
  fear. You meet the old mayor and he
  thanks you and gives you his thanks as
  you get back on the dragon to go reclaim
  the other towns restore The Lost Kingdom
  and to recruit other armies.

  Over the next few weeks you and the
  dragon slowly take towns from the Scala
  Assassins, weakening them over and over
  again, town by town, outpost by outpost.
  Eventually, you go to their castle and
  through the power of all of the armies
  that you have gotten to join you start...

  ...attacking the castle. In less than a
  day the castle is in your control, and
  the Scala Assassins are no more, all
  thanks to the dragon. You give them
  their reward of whatever they want, and
  you are crowned by the previous leader
  to be the Queen of The Lost Kingdom.

  // PATH B
  You use your shield to deflect the
  dragon's attack, and you get away missing
  a shield but not your life. You slowly
  make your way down the rest of the
  mountain and see a what appears to be
  destroyed town off in the distance, so
  you set it as your target.

  Just as you get to the town you see some
  guards on the outside of the entrance.
  You look through the guards and see lots
  of people being put into prison cells
  and dragged around in handcuffs, some
  even have bags over their heads. You 
  decide to jump out at the guards.

  After quietly dealing with the guards
  you sneak around the town to deal with
  some of the bandits pulling people
  around and locking them up. You decide
  that the best way to do it would be to
  make as much noise as possible to get
  the help of the prisoners.

  While you were taking care of the
  bandits the rest of the people in the
  town started attacking the other Scala
  Assassins' forces and took back the
  town all from your bravery inspiring
  them. Somebody comes up to you and tells
  you that they can give you a new shield.

  They present you with two options:
  A: If you go outside the town and take
  out some of the roaming assassins they
  can get you a new shield.
  B: Decline the offer and continue on
  your quest without the risk of dangerous
  assassins who are known to be powerful.

  After accepting the deal, you head north
  of the town where they were last seen.
  They said there are about two or more
  groups wandering around looking for
  trouble, and to be careful as they could
  be very strong. You head into the forest,
  and are immediately spotted.

  You successfully defeat the assassins
  and are just about to sit down and have
  a quick break, but then some more of the
  assassins jump out from the treetops,
  this time looking much more dangerous
  especially as it is starting to become
  dark as the sun is setting.

  You look around to see if there are any
  more, loot their bodies and then return
  to the town for your reward and to sleep
  in the inn. You get back and sleep for
  the night in the inn, all for free as
  a method of thanks from the building's
  owner, also giving you dinner.

  In the morning, the person who originally
  gave you the quest came over to you
  and personally handed you a brand new
  shield, protecting you even more than
  the shield you originally had to begin
  with. After, you head onto the next town
  to continue taking back The Lost Kingdom.

  // PATH C
  After just straight up turning around
  and running right back to avoid dying
  to the dragon, you look around for
  different options on the mountain. You
  see many different paths, but most are
  either too dangerous or are just dead
  ends that lead to a sheer cliff.

  There are the two viable routes:
  A: There is a very precarious and small
  path on the side of a steep cliff face
  most likely for mountain goats.
  B: Another path further down that goes
  through a very foggy swamp that you
  could get stuck in easily.

  You get through the dangerous path and
  make it through to the other side of
  the mountain, now in some very flat
  grassy plains. There is a town in the
  distance, and you decide to start
  heading toward it to see what it has, 
  being careful of the people there.

  // PATH B AND C MERGE
  As you get onto the next town you spot
  a large castle in the middle, with a
  seemingly normal town who don't mind
  you being there at all instead of
  instantly attacking you. You go over to
  the large castle door and see two very
  strong looking guards blocking the way.

  You ask the guards what is in the castle
  and they just tell you that it is
  private Scala Assassins' property and
  that you must leave, not even attempting
  to answer your question. You think
  about what to do and you can tell the
  guards are not going to let you through.

  You think of two options:
  A: Attempt to fight these very strong
  looking guards who will not move
  however much you ask them.
  B: Turn around and try and find
  something else you could do in order
  to get past them.

  I'm honestly suprised how you even
  defeated those guards, you weren't
  supposed to be able to. Unless you
  altered the code, or are just absurdly
  good at this game.

  There's nothing else here by the way.

  You walk away from the guards knowing
  that they will be way too strong for
  you and that you will need more
  manpower to take them down. You head
  back into the suspiciously friendly
  town and look around for anything of
  use to your quest.

  You pick up a newspaper and have a
  brief look at the front page, only
  for the massive text on the front
  to say "Kingdom in Ruins, Scala
  Assassins Take Everything!". Now in
  possession of this information, you
  rush to find anything or anyone of use.

  You see a group of people talking
  and holding a flag with a massive
  cross through the Scala Assassins'
  logo, so you try and talk to them.
  You soon learn that they are actually
  rebels from Scala and they immediately
  are on board with what you are doing.

  You and your new group of rebels storm
  the castle, trampling the guards and
  breaking down the door to get in.
  Everybody goes through the castle
  floor by floor taking people out as
  they go by your command, and as you
  get to the top you find some people.

  After you take out the soldiers
  protecting the throne, you grab the
  Scala King and throw him over to
  everyone else to deal with him. You
  crown yourself the new King now with
  control over practically the whole
  kingdom. You realise that with this...

  ...you can do whatever you want.
  Snapping yourself out of it, you order
  all of the Scala Assassins across the
  whole kingdom to stop what they are
  doing and put all of their efforts
  into reviving The Lost Kingdom, fixing
  everything that the old King had done.
